Add `Dan7h3x/neaterm.nvim` and `Dan7h3x/signup.nvim` (#1367)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [hat0uma/csvview.nvim](https://github.com/hat0uma/csvview.nvim) - An asynchronous CSV/TSV table viewer with real-time updates, configurable comments and delimiters, and multiple display modes.

<!--lint disable double-link -->

**[⬆ back to top](#contents)**

<!--lint enable double-link -->

## Terminal Integration

> - [Dan7h3x/neaterm.nvim](https://github.com/Dan7h3x/neaterm.nvim) - A little
>   smart terminal/REPL management plugin with awesome features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dan7h3x/neaterm.nvim](https://github.com/Dan7h3x/neaterm.nvim) - A little smart terminal/REPL manager with awesome features.
```
